[Pre-GA] Updates on quickstarts (#2481)
AgoraIO/agora_doc_source: en-US/markdown/agora-chat/Getting Started/agora_chat_get_started_android.md

	![](https://web-cdn.agora.io/docs-files/1664531061644)

2. On the **Edit Project** page, click **Config** next to **Chat** below **Features**.

	![](https://web-cdn.agora.io/docs-files/1664531091562)

3. In the left-navigation pane, select **Operation Management** > **User** and click **Create User**.

	![](https://web-cdn.agora.io/docs-files/1664531141100)

<a name="userid"></a>

4. In the **Create User** dialog box, fill in the **User ID**, **Nickname**, and **Password**, and click **Save** to create a user.

	![](https://web-cdn.agora.io/docs-files/1664531162872)

### 2. Generate a user token

To ensure communication security, Agora recommends using tokens to authenticate users who log in to the Agora Chat system.

For testing purposes, Agora Console supports generating temporary tokens for Agora Chat. To generate a user token, do the following:

1. On the **Project Management** page, click **Config** for the project that you want to use.

	![](https://web-cdn.agora.io/docs-files/1664531061644)

2. On the **Edit Project** page, click **Config** next to **Chat** below **Features**.

	![](https://web-cdn.agora.io/docs-files/1664531091562)

> 3. In the **Data Center** section of the **Application Information** page, enter the [user ID](#userid) in the **Chat User Temp Token** text box and click **Generate** to generate a token with user privileges.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. In the **Data Center** section of the **Application Information** page, enter the [user ID](#userid) in the **Chat User Temp Token** box and click **Generate** to generate a token with user privileges.
```

Reviewer: 我看下面的文本框都用的是 box，统一 一下。

Author: Done

	![](https://web-cdn.agora.io/docs-files/1664531214169)

> <div class="alert note">Register two users and generate two user tokens for a sender and a receiver respectively for <a href="https://docs.agora.io/en/agora-chat/get-started/get-started-sdk#test">test use</a> later in this demo.</div>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<div class="alert note">Register a user and generate a user token for a sender and a receiver respectively for <a href="https://docs.agora.io/en/agora-chat/get-started/get-started-sdk#test">test use</a> later in this demo.</div>
```

Reviewer: 这里有 respectively，前面用 a  即可。

Author: Done

   
       <TextView
           android:id="@+id/tv_log"
           android:layout_width="match_parent"
           android:layout_height="200dp"
           android:hint="Show log area..."
           android:scrollbars="vertical"
           android:padding="10dp"/>
   
   </LinearLayout>
   ```

### Implement sending and receiving messages

To enable your app to send and receive messages between individual users, do the following:

1. Import classes.  
In  `app/java/io.agora.agorachatquickstart/MainActivity`, add the following lines after `import android.os.Bundle;` :

   ```java
   import android.text.TextUtils;
   import android.text.method.ScrollingMovementMethod;
   import android.view.View;
   import android.widget.EditText;
   import android.widget.TextView;
   import android.widget.Toast;
   import java.text.SimpleDateFormat;
   import java.util.Date;
   import java.util.Locale;
   import io.agora.CallBack;
   import io.agora.ConnectionListener;
   import io.agora.chat.ChatClient;
   import io.agora.chat.ChatMessage;
   import io.agora.chat.ChatOptions;
   import io.agora.chat.TextMessageBody;
   ```
   
<a name="sign-in"></a>

2. Define global variables.  

> In `app/java/io.agora.agorachatquickstart/MainActivity`,  before adding the following lines after `AppCompatActivity {`, ensure you delete the `onCreate` function created by default.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In `app/java/io.agora.agorachatquickstart/MainActivity`, before adding the following lines after `AppCompatActivity {`, ensure you delete the `onCreate` function created by default.
```

Author: Done

   }
   ```
   
3. Initialize the view and the app.  
In `app/java/io.agora.agorachatquickstart/MainActivity`, add the following lines after the `onCreate` function: 

   ```java
   // Initializes the view.
   private void initView() {
       ((TextView)findViewById(R.id.tv_log)).setMovementMethod(new ScrollingMovementMethod());
   }
   // Initializes the SDK.
   private void initSDK() {
       ChatOptions options = new ChatOptions();

>        // Gets your App Key applied from Agora Console.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
       // Gets your App Key generated at Agora Console.
```

          @Override
          public void onTokenExpired() {
              showLog("ConnectionListener onTokenExpired", true);
          }
          // This callback occurs when the token is about to expire. 
          @Override
          public void onTokenWillExpire() {
              showLog("ConnectionListener onTokenWillExpire", true);
          }
      });
   }
   ```

> 5. Create a user account and log in to the app.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. Log in to the app.  
```

Reviewer: 这里无需再创建用户账户。

Author: Done

           }
           TextView tv_log = findViewById(R.id.tv_log);
           String preContent = tv_log.getText().toString().trim();
           StringBuilder builder = new StringBuilder();
           builder.append(new SimpleDateFormat("yyyy-MM-dd HH:mm:ss", Locale.getDefault()).format(new Date()))
                   .append(" ").append(content).append("\n").append(preContent);
           tv_log.setText(builder);
       });
   }
   ```

8. Click **Sync Project with Gradle Files** to sync your project. Now you are ready to test your app.

## Test your app

To validate the peer-to-peer messaging you have just integrated into your app using Agora Chat, perform the following operations:

1. Log in  
a. In the [`MainActivity`](#sign-in) file, replace the placeholders of `USERNAME`, `TOKEN`, and `APP_KEY` with the user Id, Agora token, and App Key of the sender (Som).  
b. In **Android Studio**, select the device to run the project and click **Run 'app'**.  
c. On your simulator or physical device, click **SIGN IN** to log in with the sender account.
    ![](https://web-cdn.agora.io/docs-files/1665302124510)

2. Send a message  

> Fill in the user ID of the receiver (Neil) in the **Enter another username** box, type in the message ("How are you doing?") to send in the **Enter content** box, and click **SEND MESSAGE** to send the message.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fill in the user ID of the receiver (Neil) in the **Enter another username** box, type in the message ("Hello") to send in the **Enter content** box, and click **SEND MESSAGE** to send the message.
```

Reviewer: 图片中是 Hello

   ![](https://web-cdn.agora.io/docs-files/1665302129604)

3. Log out  
Click **SIGN OUT** to log out of the sender account.

4. Receive the message  

> a. After signing out, change the values of `USERNAME`, `TOKEN`, and `APP_KEY` to the user Id, Agora token, and App Key of the receiver (Neil) in the [`MainActivity`](#sign-in) file.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
a. After signing out, change the values of `USERNAME`, `TOKEN`, and `APP_KEY` to the user ID, Agora token, and App Key of the receiver (Neil) in the [`MainActivity`](#sign-in) file.  
```

> b. Run the app on another Android device or simulator with the receiver account and receive the message "How are you doing?" sent in step 2.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
b. Run the app on another Android device or simulator with the receiver account and receive the message "Hello" sent in step 2.  
```

Reviewer: 图片中是 Hello

Author: ？
<img width="408" alt="image" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/101544891/194750636-7cb446b8-8953-4797-ad58-b3291d1fe480.png">
